what is going on guys back again we're
the same day same time didn't even watch
over my previous video back so sweet
emissary go unlock it Ridley part 2 now
second time of beating taboos now let's
see what I can do during this time easy
Samus and I didn't you Captain Falcon
own but I'm good with all the characters
is that for Pikachu Yoshi I totally lost
care with Pikachu I was never to use but
why say I lost still I was actually
really really good at a Pikachu even
though my best characters then after max
brain kept doing this you can use a band
Thunderbolt I don't know how but I just
lost all my skill I don't understand
how this happened oh nice Avery stored
on my help
most of the hammer bros gave up food
thank you I really like food especially
those mashed potatoes and that's you can
like chicken legs oh okay there it is
hey night die I think that looks cool I
mean I look I didn't look it up or
anything
and it's done
and no red rings with that Xbox and I
haven't even been hit one by Daboo man
this is actually turns very easy then
again it's on easy mode okay
oh man this is cool tactic this is cool
tactic
a lot of people think that fire weapon
is horrible but it's actually pretty
good hot head is good that isn't became
huge
that looks good
okay
think yeah I'm pretty sure it's called
the knife die
Oh almost and I just did for that sink
for that purpose no red ring yep
oh man I dodged it it was right there
and I dodged it
I killed him
I froze him again yes I came to build
again I'll lock it really part three
back again I'm going to go in this soon
as I watch the credits back to part
three and I am sorry I think we have to
watch the credits all the way through so
I'm not going to entirely for you guys
to death not watch birth myself see you
guys the carp three later